chore: Add a note about debbugging metrics server (#3608)
kedacore/keda: BUILD.md

### Metrics server

> > **Note:** You will be able to manually query metrics to your local metrics server, you won't replace the cluster metrics server or being able to use it from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You will be able to manually query metrics to your local version of the KEDA Metrics server. You won't replace the KEDA Metrics server deployed on the Kubernetes cluster.
```
